a 19 year old male loner who was forced
to leave his home after an unexpected
family tragedy
one day his whole family except for him
dies in a car accident
his new home is the green home apartment
complex in a corner of the city
dilapidated and inhabited by mysterious
and questionable tenants
the green home apartment complex is
supposed to be a safe place but it
quickly becomes horrible as some of the
residents were infected and start
mutating to become monsters
leaving the rest of the residents of the
apartment to band together and fight for
their lives via cooperation for their
survival
during the season one last episode
hyunsa makes his
way towards the soldiers as the others
venture through the tunnels ian hyoke
doesn't go back
and ye kyung is forced to drag enu
screaming through the tunnel as the
green home collapses around ian hyoke
and his nose bleeds which is a sign of
being infected as he walks towards the
soldiers and shot by bullets
hyense's memories come back to him in
the tunnels
bomb the little dog leads everyone to
the exit
a ladder takes everyone to street level
where they're surrounded by soldiers
they're loaded onto trucks and told they
must survive by ye kyung
the former firefighter and special
forces officer
is in full military gear and was driving
a jeep away from the scene
we are assuming that she is now part of
the government's plan to subdue all
special infectees
fast forward the manga ended at episode
it was a happy ending